hey guys what's a me and my friend Josh
deft hands 08 just finished our sinister
jam is our second summer jam that we've
done we were actually supposed to get
out by the end of summer but was school
starting and him being the 10th grade me
me in the 11th we had to slow down catch
up on that keep our grades up and so um
in the meantime we've been making short
clip tion to each other ideas and stuff
so I finally decided that I had to get
all my clips in and so we got it all in
and he edited and that's how sums
talking about for Thanksgiving it's kind
of our gift to y'all crap for
Thanksgiving
so I hope you'll like it and I did a
variation of Darren yells which cut I
called squeeze coat so actually hope
you'll like it I'm actually going to be
doing it tutorial now so let's get
darren yeah does the squeeze cut like
this he does a scissor cut and doesn't
help me flow with it so what I do is I
just do this on do this scissor cut that
he does I just put it back on the pack
now squeeze coat looks kinda like this
okay I'm not going to teach you how to
do squeeze cut if you want to learn that
go down below and learn squeeze cut by
Danielle he teaches it in his video okay
so you'll do for squeeze codes you'll
break into the original way to do
squeeze cut till you get to right here
okay then at this part what you'll do as
you move this back clearing these two
packets take this finger and push right
there pushing that packet forth ok so
once you've done all this take your
finger and push this packet and rotate
it okay I'll have it land back on the
pack now what you do this topic I right
here you swivel it back put it back in
the pack and take this hand which is
holding it with this finger in this
finger at the corner right here bring
figure out the corner middle finger in
the center pointer finger on the back
and dumb start right there what you do
flip it over like this apply pressure no
flip and then do that okay spoil it's
like
squeeze cut
okay one more time
okay so i hope you guys like this just
go down below if you want to actually
learn how to do it if you can't follow
this okay you can't follow that go down
below and learn that I do this flourish
like 300 times a day I could just say
that I do a lot so kryptonite by Dan and
eight so I actually hope y'all like it
and I'll see y'all next time
you